Hey how's it going Dave 2d here so
today's video shot at 60 frames per
second I normally don't shoot like this
but because I'm showing a lot of
gameplay footage I thought I'd shoot at
a higher framerate I just don't like
this look it just to me it looks like a
soap opera but that's just a preference
thing don't get used to this higher
frame rate okay I got to play one of the
coolest games I've ever played before
it's called beat saber it's this VR
rhythm game where you use these
lightsabers and you hack away at blocks
it's kind of like Guitar Hero but
[Music]
now the reason why I was playing this
game at all is because this new hardware
this is the new vive pro from HTC and
with VR immersion is everything if you
feel like you're in the game if you've
had that like immersive experience where
everything from the real world gets
removed and you're just kind of put into
the game that's the best possible
experience there's a lot of things like
getting away that immersion so you get
like poor image quality or poor frame
rates or just bad audio just wires
clutter there's so many things that can
make VR less enjoyable but the vive pro
is this new upgraded headset that
delivers better immersion so you're
getting higher resolution with built-in
headphones and the whole setup is just
cleaner with this single cable the
original vibe had this bundle of three
cables trailing off this single cable on
the vibe Pro is just so much nicer they
also have a wireless adapter coming out
shortly and it's just a much more
immersive experience 78% more pixels is
no joke so the headset it's just more
comfortable to use on this new version
and it has a super-easy knob thing that
you just forfeit the built-in headphones
aren't amazing or anything like they're
not gonna have the best sound quality of
headphones out there but it's just so
much more convenient to have them built
into the headset and they flip up and
down really easily so if you have
friends in the room you kind of pop up
one side you can kind of hear people
talk while you're playing the game is
it's a really well-built piece of
hardware so the games that I played look
a lot better on the vive pro than the
original vive this is raw data it's a
first-person shooter I've played this
game quite a bit in the past but at this
higher resolution it's a pretty
different feel there's a lot of visual
details that I never noticed before like
you can see all the bullets in the clip
and everything just looks sharper it's a
pretty cool experience and even in a
game like super high this doesn't have a
ton of fancy features or textures but
everything looks just so much cleaner
and sharper and with VR higher
resolution radically improves the visual
experience
now the unfortunate thing is that this
hardware does not come cheap you still
need a good PC to run all this like they
recommend a GTX 1060 or higher for the
vive pro and you also need to get the
headset this is 800 bucks just for the
headset alone and that's only for people
who are upgrading from the original vive
because it's only the headset if you
need the full kit that's $1,100 see the
original vive kit like the original one
from 2016 launched for 800 bucks and
that was the full kit that had headset
sensors the controller's the full
deal.this goes for 1,100 now for the
full kit and like I feel like in the two
years that have passed the pricing for
the old one has dropped down but this
new one is still really expensive
that being said five hundred bucks for
the original vive is actually a pretty
decent deal for people that are kind of
interested in checking out real VR and I
mean real VR if you've been testing
stuff out like Google daydream and just
like crappy VR like that's a very that's
a bad representation of VR so if you're
interested in like a good experience
like a really really top-notch
experience this new HTC vive pro is
freaking fantastic and please check out
beat saber because it is seriously it's
the best game that I've ever played on
VR and it's seriously one of the coolest
games I've ever played
period
[Music]